---
layout: post
title: "Chapter 38 - I Wanna Sleep"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

Afterwards, the king, me, and Jere-san continued our chit chat until the coversation was over.

If I was to solely look at the time, our conversation might not have even lasted an hour. However both my physical and mental stamina were at their limits, as if I had been talking for hours instead.

I mean, I was talking with the most famous person in this country right?

Worried that I might somehow disrespect him, I carefully chose my words.

But there were multiple times when the king acted as the boke and my shitty mouth responded with a tsukkomi. Oh well I guess.

The king did laugh at them... so I should be fine. I won't suddenly be branded as a crimminal after the fact right?

<!--more-->

「You'll have to excuse me Eric. I wanted to talk longer but..」

「His Majesty has a lot of work piled up」

「So it would seem. Really, why is there so much work to do」

「Because your Majesty is always fooling around」

The maid who brought in the tea earlier was now looking at the king with cold eyes.

「...Well then Eric, let us talk leisurely next time too」

「Ah, yes sir」

In order to escape from the maid's cold eyes, I responded as so and parted with a handshake.

I came to realize that the king wasn't a bad person and understood what Jere-san meant when he said the king was friendly.

He certainly was friendly, but how do I put it... he's quite carefree[^1] as king.

I left the room along with Jere-san while the king Leo was taken away to his office by the maid.

「Let us depart as well. After you drop your luggage off at the knight's dormitory, I will show you around the facilities」

「Thanks, I'll be in your care」

Following behind Jere-san, we retraced our path earlier and left via the gigantic palace doors.

We got on the carriage that was waiting on us and departed for the knight's dormitory.

A few minutes later, we arrived at the place Tina got dropped off earlier. The carriage stopped and I got off as well.

It seemed that both knights and magic knights stayed at the same dormitory. While it couldn't compare to the palace, it was big in its own rights.

「The dormitory is split between knights and magic knights. Since two people are assigned to each room, Eric-kun will also be living with another person」

「Understood」

「Leader! I have something to discuss...」

While Jere-san was telling me about the rooms, a man came out of the dormitory and whispered into his ear.

I wonder what they could be discussing?

「! Is that true? That's certainly a problem」

Jere-san was thinking while stroking his chin.

「My apologies Eric-kun. It seems that a problem has come up...」

「A problem?」

「Currently, there aren't any open room in the dorms... So you will be sharing rooms with a female knight who recently joined this year」

「A female...?」

It might be a bit bothersome for me but it'll probably be an issue for the woman.

I bet that person also didn't expect to live in the same room with a man she just met.

「She has already acknowledged that she is fine with sharing a room with a man」

「Oh, is that so?」

Hearing that... should I be relieved? I can't say.

「Although she is fine with sharing the room, she said they must be stronger than herself」

「Eh?」

A person stronger than herself...? What's with that condition?

「It's fine that that child joined at the age of 18, but maybe because of that, she is very assertive. She isn't a bad person though」

I see... so basically overconfidence from being strong.

「And so, Eric-kun will be out of a room unless you fight and win against her」

「...I understand. I'll fight.」

After coming all the way here, if I couldn't get a room and had to camp outside, it would be the worst.

I absolutely have to stop that.

「Then we will need to inform her. Please tell that child that a person who said 「I want to sleep with you」 has appeared」

「Yes sir」

「That's not what a said!?」

Saying that will most definitely invite misunderstanding!?

I'm not sure if my yell reached him but the person who received Jere-san's instructions already left to relay the message.

「Wait a minute! What was that about just now!?」

「About what?」

「Saying that I wanted to sleep with her...」

「Do not worry. That child said if a person who can say that appeared, she will get ready immediately」

「If it's like that, I guess that's fine...」

No wait, is that really fine? I'm not too sure...

「Eric!」

As I was pondering, I heard a voice calling for me from far away. When I turned around, I saw a smiling Tina running towards me waving her hands.

「Welcome back Eric! How did your meeting with the king go?」

「Thanks, it went well enough... I suppose」

King Leo was actually a pretty great guy... a bit too carefree though.

「While you weren't here, I was shown around the facilities and the city. Let's go together later!」

「Alright alright. But before that, I need to take care of something」

「Something? What do you need to do?」

As I was about to tell her what happened since I got here...

「Where is the person called Eric Aurin who said they wanted to sleep with I, Yurina Kaspar?」

So resounded a voice from behind me. It was most likely the cocky girl. I couldn't think of anyone else saying those lines.

But I couldn't turn around to check. It wasn't the time to.

「Hey Eric, what's this all about? What she said now, you'll properly explain right?」

In front of me was Tina laughing lightly. For some reason, the lights in her eyes had gone out and all I could see was darkness.

---

[^1]: Closest I could come up with for `適当な人`.
