---
layout: post
title: "Episode 37 - Eccentric King"
excerpt_separator: <!--more-->
---

After dropping Tina off, the carriage proceeded to the royal palace with me onboard.

「Wait just a while longer as we are almost there」

Jere-san said in consideration of me, probably because of the long journey we'd taken. But my complexion was not because of the journey. Instead, it was simply because I was going to meet with the king soon.

After a few minutes, we arrived in front of the royal palace. As I expected, the palace was huge. So large in fact, I couldn't see the peak of the building from my position.

「Now then, we will be getting off the carriage and entering the palace. Follow me」

<!--more-->

Said Jere-san as he got out of the carriage. I followed suit behind him.

We entered as the front doors of the palace were opening up. As the grand doors opened, Jere-san walked in unfazed as a matter of course. I on the other hand, somehow managed to walk in while bowing my head despite my nervousness.

The hallway was equally luxurious. The carpet laid out was bright red and also looked the part. I was worried whether or not it was okay to trod on it with my feet.

As I was following Jere-san with butterflies in my stomach, we eventually stopped in front of a remarkably large set of doors.

「Are you there your Majesty?」

「Indeed I am」

In response to Jere-san, a solemn voice had replied behind the doors.

「This is Jeremias Astara. May we enter?」

「I will allow it」

「Please excuse us」

Jere-san opened the doors without letting me prepare myself. Eh.. wait a minute, my heart isn't ready!

While I was in disarray, Jere-san had already gone into the room. I was scared to follow, but waiting out here would be wrong so I proceeded to follow Jere-san in.

Inside was a very large room. It was to the extent that I wondered if my house back at the village would completely fit inside here.

A pair of large sofas were placed between the center of the room and the door we entered. Someone was currently sitting there.

「Reporting back from the mission」

「You did well to return safely」

It was the same voice as the one I heard outside the door. Most likely this person was the king.

Short blond hair, with the bangs slicked back was the impression given.

His attire was more casual than I expected, consisting of a white dress shirt and black pants.

Earlier I had guessed what kind of face he had from his voice. As expected, it was one filled with dignity; with a sharp set of eyes and a short beard.

「Have you heard news about Felix Gradio?」

「Ahh, I heard that a young man from a village defeated him. And that you successfully scouted him」

「Yes, it is as you say. And this person is...」

Having said that, they both turned to look at me. It feels like I should say something...

「N.. nice to meet you. My name is Eric, uhm.. Aurin」

I ended up introducing myself. It was my first time using Aurin as my last name so it came out a little strange.

Sensing that I was nervous, the king said as he was laughing,

「Ahh, I am Leonard Carlo Begonia. It's a long name so you can just remember me as Leo」

With that, he extended his hand towards me.

「Th.. thank you. I'll be in your care」

While nervous, I too held my hand out for a handshake.

This hand..! It's definitely one that's held a sword before. You wouldn't be able to have such firm hands without years of sword practice.

「Fumu, you have good hands. With these hands, I can see that you are strong」

It seems that king Leo had also gotten the same impression from my hand.

「Th.. thank you very much」

「Umu, take a seat on that sofa. Let's have the maid bring out some tea」

I sat down on the other sofa as I was told. Uwa..!? My body sank deep into the sofa!

I was wondering if it was alright for me to sit on such a luxurious and soft sofa so I ended up sitting lightly.

Jere-san proceeded to sit besides me and king Leo in front of me.

「To start us off, let me thank you. I heard from Jere that you helped this country by defeating Felix. If it wasn't for you, it could have become dangerous. Thank you」

The king said as he bowed from his seated position.

「No! You don't need to thank me for that..!」

For the top person of this country to suddenly bow down was something unexpected and as a result, I grew flustered.

Man, really though! I'm kind of getting scared.

「Fumu, quite the humble one. I was expecting 「I've helped you out so hand over the money, trash!」 or something similar here」

「What kind of villain did you think I was!」

An involuntary tsukkomi escaped my mouth.

「Your Majesty, the only person that would do that would be you」

「Hmm, I see」

「Your Majesty has done something like that!?」

「What are you saying, that was a fine job I did. There was a country I helped in the past that said they wouldn't hand out any rewards. I yelled at them in the presence of their king and nobels and defeated them」

「Is that so...」

Still, there should have been other ways of resolving that issue.

「Have you released your tension yet?」

「Ah..」

King Leo said as he was laughing with a smile.

Certainly with the exchange just now, my nerves have calmed down.

Was the gag earlier something to help me after they realized my feelings?

「What his majesty said earlier is true you know. Because of that, we might end up going to war again」

Ah.. it was real after all.

「Hmph, the ones who said there was no value in the dangerous jobs my subordinates were doing were in the wrong. Anyway, they are trash who don't even possess the mettle to go to war with my country. If I didn't speak out then, I wouldn't be able to face the ones who had died」

As if he remembered something unpleasant, the king folded his arms in displeasure.

Although the king seems a bit eccentric, he doesn't seem to be bad.

Someone who thinks for his subordinates.

At that time, the maid came in bringing with her the tea.

「Oi, why did you bring me tea as well!? I said to bring me sake!?」

「Your Majesty is still working. Please refrain from drinking」

「What! I'll reduce your salary!」

「I will inform the queen」

「Forgive me!」

I observed the conversation happening in front of me by the maid and the king.

...he's not a bad person right?
